feat: New Redix and Caches lessons, refreshed existing storage lessons. (#3056)
doomspork/elixir-school: lessons/en/storage/ets.md

For counters specifically, `:ets.update_counter/3` provides atomic update-and-read operations:

```elixir
iex> :ets.new(:counters, [:set, :public, :named_table])
iex> :ets.insert(:counters, {:page_views, 0})
iex> :ets.update_counter(:counters, :page_views, 1)
1
iex> :ets.update_counter(:counters, :page_views, 5)
6
```

For other atomic operations, we might need the owner process to handle updates through message passing to ensure consistency.

## Performance Features

### Write Concurrency

ETS tables can be optimized for concurrent writes using the `write_concurrency` option:

```elixir
iex> :ets.new(:concurrent_table, [:set, :public, {:write_concurrency, true}])
```

Starting with OTP 25, we can use `{:write_concurrency, :auto}` to let the runtime automatically optimize based on usage patterns:

```elixir
iex> :ets.new(:adaptive_table, [:set, :public, {:write_concurrency, :auto}])
```

### Read Concurrency

For tables with many concurrent readers, enable read concurrency:

```elixir
iex> :ets.new(:read_heavy_table, [:set, :public, {:read_concurrency, true}])
```

## Inserting Data

> ETS has no predefined schema - the only requirement is that data must be stored as tuples where the first element is the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ETS objects have no predefined schema - the only requirement is that data must be stored as tuples where the first element is the key.
```
